hi there it's Scott welcome to Scot
stuff today is let's see conference day
no it's January 24th 2009 and I'm here
at the american library association
annual conference in Denver I've
actually been in Denver since monday and
it's currently saturday because i've
been here for two conferences first
conference was for the AL East
Conference al is C which is for library
information science educators so for the
first four or five days we talked about
issues with teaching in a library
science program talked with potential
candidates you might want to get a job
as we're hiring in syracuse new faculty
and talked about economic issues and
issues that are just facing the
profession now it transitions into the
American Library Association conference
ooh there I am and this is for
librarians and so there are a number of
faculty that stay on because this is one
of the times in the year I can really
understand what's going on out then in
the profession now i'm on the road and i
want to say I'm trying an experiment
here with this video i'm recording this
video on a new netbook that i have the
samsung nc10 netbook which I purchased
it's got a built-in webcam which is what
i'm using as well as the built-in
microphones so the quality of this video
is less than what you've seen before
it's because i'm trying it out you can
see this is the quality you get from the
camera and microphone built into this
little $400 netbook I chose this one
because of its battery life it's
reported to get eight hours which means
in reality you'll get about half an hour
no people say it gets about six hours of
battery life which I've had a small
notebook like this before and the nice
thing about the battery life long
battery life is that you can just grab
it take it with you to a lot of
different places so I'll let you know
after I've used it for a little while
more of what I think about this
particular toy but back to the
conference so today in about Oh an hour
I'm going to be running the games and
gaming members initiative group at the
ala which I actually started a year ago
I got a hundred signatures from members
i'm in front of the ala council and ask
them to start this thing and they said
okay so i'm starting it now what we're
going to do in this group is people are
going to have a chance to talk about
what they're doing in libraries what
they're doing across the organization
and share what's going on with gaming
because there's a lot going on
in fact the cover of american libraries
this month was gaming and what i really
like about that is look board games and
a little bitty week i'm happy to see
that the idea that gaming is more than
this is getting out there that people
will see this and think yeah we do
gaming we do have board game so we do
have chest we do have grids we have
Scrabble we do gaming because that's the
message i'm trying to get out there so
after this meeting is over then i'll
talk a little bit more about it in a few
days and the other things that have gone
on here biggest thing I've got coming up
in tomorrow is a meeting with the Ala
Committee on Accreditation every seven
years our library school has to be
accredited so we can teach librarians
over the last two years we've been going
through a process where we document
everything going on to school I've been
in charge of that and we produced about
a 1200 page a document most of that
appendices about what our school is and
what we've been doing for last seven
years and that's actually on the web if
you want to see what we've been up to
and so on sunday will go in front of the
Committee on Accreditation they'll ask
us more questions and it's the final big
meeting in a few weeks we'll hear if our
school is reprinted and if so for how
long so I think that brings you up to
date on what I'm doing here in lovely
Denver I'll be here for about another
five days and then back home to Syracuse
so thanks a lot enjoy your travels and
I'll talk to you later bye bye